Updated download README (#25)
WayScience/JUMP-single-cell: 0.download_data/README.md

# Download JUMP-Target SQLite files from AWS

In this module, we download the SQLite files from [AWS](https://cellpainting-gallery.s3.amazonaws.com/index.html#cpg0000-jump-pilot/source_4/workspace/backend/2020_11_04_CPJUMP1/) with [aws-cli](https://github.com/aws/aws-cli) on Aug 10, 2023 using instructions provided from [JUMP Cell Painting Datasets](https://github.com/jump-cellpainting/datasets).

> There are 51 plates from the pilot dataset, totalling 1.1 TB of storage from the SQLite files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 51 plates from the pilot dataset (cpg0000), totaling 1.1 TB of storage from the SQLite files.
```
 Recommending to include the exact ID for the dataset here.

Author: Good idea, added
